Cybersixgill darkfeed confidence filter (#26269)
demisto/content: Packs/Sixgill-Darkfeed/ReleaseNotes/2_2_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Sixgill DarkFeed Threat Intelligence

> - Added config parameter "Sixgill Confidence"
> - IOCs not matching confidence level are not saved 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a the new integration parameter *Sixgill Confidence* to retrieve indicators with a specific confidence."
```
